[CORE-11450] QoS controls: update docs for peakrate, minburst and packet burst (#2084)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/networking/configuring/qos-controls.mdx

## Value

> With QoS controls, $[prodname] enforces network resource limits (bandwidth, packet rate, connections) for Kubernetes pods and OpenStack VMs, ensuring fair resource allocation and preventing performance degradation for other workloads.

Reviewer: Are we supporting OpenStack for CE? I'm not sure we want to add this. A reader would reasonably assume that there's support.

Author: Right, I was wrong to just copy the OSS page over to EE, I'll remove the OpenStack references. Thanks for catching it!

### Configure bandwidth limits

> Use the annotations below to configure bandwidth and burst limits for traffic going into or coming out of the pod. Limiting the bandwidth enforces that, on average, that will be the maximum bit rate used. The burst size is the amount of data that is available instantaneously for transmission. Burst configuration is optional, if burst is not explicitly configured with an annotation, a default value of `4Gib` is used. If a peakrate limit is configured, it enforces that burst traffic will not go over the peakrate limit, otherwise, bursts are transmitted with no limits.

Reviewer: * s/peakrate/peak rate/g
* Suggestion: If you configure a peak rate limit, burst traffic will not go over that limit. Otherwise, there are no limits to burst size.

| `qos.projectcalico.org/ingressBandwidth`      | Specifies the ingress bandwidth limit (in bits per second).<br/>Min value: `1k`<br/>Max value: `1P`                                                                                                                            |
| `qos.projectcalico.org/egressBandwidth`       | Specifies the egress bandwidth limit (in bits per second).<br/>Min value: `1k`<br/>Max value: `1P`                                                                                                                             |
| `qos.projectcalico.org/ingressBurst`          | Specifies the ingress burst size (in bits).<br/>Optional, defaults to `4Gi`.<br/>Min value: `1k`<br/>Max value: `34359738360`                                                                                                    |
| `qos.projectcalico.org/egressBurst`           | Specifies the egress burst size (in bits).<br/>Optional, defaults to `4Gi`.<br/>Min value: `1k`<br/>Max value: `34359738360`                                                                                                     |

> | `qos.projectcalico.org/ingressPeakrate`       | Specifies the ingress peakrate, i.e., the bandwidth limit during bursts (in bits per second).<br/>Optional, defaults to unlimited.<br/>Must be higher than the bandwidth limit<br/>Min value: `1.01k`<br/>Max value: `1.01P`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `qos.projectcalico.org/ingressPeakrate`       | Specifies the ingress peak rate limit, i.e., the bandwidth limit during bursts (in bits per second).<br/>Optional, defaults to unlimited.<br/>Must be higher than the bandwidth limit.<br/>Min value: `1.01k`<br/>Max value: `1.01P`   |
```

> | `qos.projectcalico.org/egressPeakrate`        | Specifies the egress peakrate, i.e., the bandwidth limit during bursts (in bits per second).<br/>Optional, defaults to unlimited.<br/>Must be higher than the bandwidth limit<br/>Min value: `1.01k`<br/>Max value: `1.01P`    |

Reviewer: see above pattern

| Annotation                                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|---------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `kubernetes.io/ingress-bandwidth`             | Kubernetes bandwidth plugin annotation for the ingress bandwidth limit (in bits per second).<br/>Ignored if `qos.projectcalico.org/ingressBandwidth` is present.<br/>Min value: `1k`<br/>Max value: `1P`                         |
| `kubernetes.io/egress-bandwidth`              | Kubernetes bandwidth plugin annotation for the egress bandwidth limit (in bits per second).<br/>Ignored if `qos.projectcalico.org/egressBandwidth` is present.<br/>Min value: `1k`<br/>Max value: `1P`                           |

### Configure packet rate limits

> Use the annotations below to configure packet rate limits for traffic going into or coming out of the pod. Limiting the packet rate enforces that, on average, that will be the maximum rate that packets will be sent and/or received by the pod. The packet burst size is the number of packets that are available instantaneously for transmission. Packet burst configuration is optional, if packet burst is not explicitly configured with an annotation, a default value of `5` packets is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the annotations below to configure packet rate limits for traffic going into or coming out of the pod. Limiting the packet rate enforces that, on average, that will be the maximum rate that packets will be sent and/or received by the pod. The packet burst size is the number of packets that are available instantaneously for transmission. Packet burst configuration is optional. If packet burst is not explicitly configured with an annotation, a default value of `5` packets is used.
```

| `qos.projectcalico.org/ingressMaxConnections` | Specifies the maximum number of ingress connections.<br/>Min value: `1`<br/>Max value: `4294967295`                                                                                                                            |
| `qos.projectcalico.org/egressMaxConnections`  | Specifies the maximum number of egress connections.<br/>Min value: `1`<br/>Max value: `4294967295`                                                                                                                             |
| `kubernetes.io/ingress-bandwidth`             | Kubernetes bandwidth plugin annotation for the ingress bandwidth limit (in bits per second).<br/>Ignored if `qos.projectcalico.org/ingressBandwidth` is present.<br/>Min value: `1k`<br/>Max value: `1P`                         |
| `kubernetes.io/egress-bandwidth`              | Kubernetes bandwidth plugin annotation for the egress bandwidth limit (in bits per second).<br/>Ignored if `qos.projectcalico.org/egressBandwidth` is present.<br/>Min value: `1k`<br/>Max value: `1P`                           |

## Additional resources

> - [QoS controls on Openstack](../openstack/neutron-api.mdx#qos)

Reviewer: CE doesn't support OpenStack, so I'm not sure we want to have this section. In any case, it's causing a build error.
